add loadJsonFromPoFile helper (#13)
marmelab/polyglot-po: packages/polyglot-po/readme.md

# polyglot-po

## Install

```bash
$ npm install -g polyglot-po
# or
$ yarn global add polyglot-po
```

## Usage

### convertFilesToPo

Convert JSON files to PO files

Takes three arguments:

>  - filePaths: The paths of the files to convert (eg: ['home/node/myProject/i18n/en.json', 'home/node/myProject/i18n/fr.json'])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `filePaths`: The paths of the files to convert (eg: `['home/node/myProject/i18n/en.json', 'home/node/myProject/i18n/fr.json']`)
```

>  - defaultLocaleFile: The locale from which the po msgid entries will be extracted (default to 'en')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `defaultLocaleFile`: The locale from which the po msgid entries will be extracted (default to 'en')
```

>  - defaultHeaders: The PO files headers. See https://www.gnu.org/software/trans-coord/manual/gnun/html_node/PO-Header.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `defaultHeaders`: The PO files headers. See https://www.gnu.org/software/trans-coord/manual/gnun/html_node/PO-Header.html
```

> Returns a promise of an array of input/output object, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a promise resolving as an array with two entries:
```

>  - input: the filePath of the json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `input`: the file path of the json file
```

>  - outputput: the filePath of the new po file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `outputput`: the file path of the new po file
```

Example:
```js
import { convertFilesToPo } as polygloPo from 'polyglot-po';

convertFilesToPo(
    ['home/node/myProject/i18n/en.json', 'home/node/myProject/i18n/fr.json'],
    'fr'
).then((results) => {
    console.log({ results });
    //  [
    //      { 
    //          input: 'home/node/myProject/i18n/en.json', 
    //          output: 'home/node/myProject/i18n/en.po' 
    //      },
    //      { 
    //          input: 'home/node/myProject/i18n/fr.json', 
    //          output: 'home/node/myProject/i18n/fr.po' 
    //      },
    //  ]
});
```

### convertFilesToJson

Convert PO files to JSON files

Takes one argument

>  - filePaths: the list of the po files to convert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `filePaths`: the list of the po files to convert
```

> Returns a promise of an array of input/output object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a promise resolving as an array with two entries:
```

>  - input: the filePath of the po file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `input`: the file path of the po file
```

>  - outputput: the filePath of the new json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `output`: the file path of the new json file
```
